Updated Using-Parameters-In-A-Class-Python.rst (#1070)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Tutorials/Using-Parameters-In-A-Class-Python.rst

>             self.declare_parameter("my_parameter")

Reviewer: While we are in here, we generally recommend to use single quotes instead of double quotes.  It doesn't make a huge amount of difference in Python, but that is our style so I suggest we stick to it here.

Also, this code mis-matches what is down below, so I'll suggest we add a default value of "world".

```suggestion
            self.declare_parameter('my_parameter', 'world')
```

        def timer_callback(self):

>             my_param = self.get_parameter("my_parameter").get_parameter_value().string_value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            my_param = self.get_parameter('my_parameter').get_parameter_value().string_value
```

            self.get_logger().info('Hello %s!' % my_param)

            my_new_param = rclpy.parameter.Parameter(

>                 "my_parameter",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                'my_parameter',
```

2.1 Examine the code
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Note: Declaring a parameter before getting or setting it is compulsory, or you will raise a ``ParameterNotDeclaredException`` exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Declaring a parameter before getting or setting it is compulsory, or a ``ParameterNotDeclaredException`` exception will be raised.
```

> The ``import`` statements at the top are used to import the package dependencies.

Reviewer: Our other Python tutorials actually put the `import` code inline here, so I'll suggest we do the same to be consistent.

The next piece of code creates the class and the constructor.
``timer`` is initialized (with timer_period set as 2 seconds), which causes the ``timer_callback`` function to be executed once every two seconds.

> The line ``self.declare_parameter("my_parameter")`` of this constructor creates our parameter.
> Our parameter has the name ``my_parameter`` and is assigned default value ``world``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The line ``self.declare_parameter('my_parameter', 'world')`` of the constructor creates a parameter with the name ``my_parameter`` and a default value of ``world``.
```

.. code-block:: Python

    class MinimalParam(rclpy.node.Node):
            def __init__(self):
                super().__init__('minimal_param_node')
                timer_period = 2  # seconds
                self.timer = self.create_timer(timer_period, self.timer_callback)

>                 self.declare_parameter("my_parameter","world")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                self.declare_parameter('my_parameter', 'world')
```

The first line of our ``timer_callback`` function gets the parameter ``my_parameter`` from the node, and stores it in ``my_param``.

> Next,The ``get_logger`` function ensures the message(hello with the name) is logged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, the ``get_logger`` function ensures the message is logged.
```

> Then, we set the parameter "my_parameter" back to the default string value "world"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, we set the parameter "my_parameter" back to the default string value "world".
```

.. code-block:: Python

>     def timer_callback(self):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        def timer_callback(self):
```

>                 my_param = self.get_parameter("my_parameter").get_parameter_value().string_value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                my_param = self.get_parameter('my_parameter').get_parameter_value().string_value
```

                self.get_logger().info('Hello %s!' % my_param)

                my_new_param = rclpy.parameter.Parameter(

>                     "my_parameter",
>                     rclpy.Parameter.Type.STRING,
>                     "world"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    'my_parameter',
                    rclpy.Parameter.Type.STRING,
                    'world'
```

                )
                all_new_parameters = [my_new_param]
                self.set_parameters(all_new_parameters)

> Following our ``timer_callback`` is our ``main`` function.
> Here ROS 2 is initialized.
> Then,a instance of the class ``MinimalParam`` named ``node`` is defined
> Finally, ``rclpy.spin`` starts processing data from the node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following the ``timer_callback`` is the ``main`` function where ROS 2 is initialized.
Then an instance of the class ``MinimalParam`` named ``node`` is defined.
Finally, ``rclpy.spin`` starts processing data from the node.
```

2.1 Examine the code
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Note: Declaring a parameter before getting or setting it is compulsory, or a ``ParameterNotDeclaredException`` exception will be raised.

> The ``import`` statements at the below are used to import the package dependencies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The ``import`` statements below are used to import the package dependencies.
```
